Without a brother like you
Hey
What are you doing at night?
I'm going to sell it, I don't eat it.
Hey, where are you going so late?
Do you really care where I go?
Anyway, no matter how hard I try, you
Only my brother is in my eyes
What's wrong with you two?
I said can't you restrain yourself a bit?
What am I restraining?
Did you say it yourself?
You said you adopted him to be my child bride?
When exactly are you going to tell him?
He is not our biological
Now is not the time, when is the time?
He's an adult.
I can see how uncomfortable it is if I can't eat it every day
I saw your own sister today
His name is Gu Tian now
Gu's family, the richest man in Haicheng, is living very well
and
Just like Wei Wei, he is studying at Qingya Conservatory of Music
The Gu family has been looking for his biological daughter
I'm not afraid
In case you know slightly
He is not our biological
Will it be bad for your own sister?
The richest man takes care of his family
Then my usury